fix(howto): polish exchange-oob-data page (#223)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: howto/stream/exchange-oob-data.md

The following instructions will walk you through how to set up data channels and perform data transmission in both directions between an Android application and a WebRTC platform.

Before proceeding, ensure that you have set up a web-based streaming client using the Anbox Cloud streaming stack. If you haven't done so, please follow our setup [guide](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/stream-client/).

> ### Prepare your web application

Reviewer: We should make the code changes below based on top of what the streaming tutorial has as an example so it's simple for people to apply. Currently it's unclear for example where `stream.sendData` should be put.

Reviewer: We should also point that out beforehand that we base all example code on top of this.

Author: +1

}
```

```{note}
If an instance is running on Android 14 image, enabling the out-of-band v2 feature requires the Android app to be running in order to receive broadcasts. If the app is in the [cached state](https://developer.android.com/guide/components/activities/process-lifecycle), the system places [context-registered broadcasts in a queue]((https://developer.android.com/develop/background-work/background-tasks/broadcasts#android-14)),meaning the app may not receive broadcasts immediately, as it would when the app is actively running.

> ```

Reviewer: What is needed for a user to do to achieve this? It's not clear to me how I can fix this without having a deep understanding of what Android does / can be influenced

Author: Let me reword this a bit

    ex.printStackTrace();
}
```

#### Install the APK as system app

To connect the data channel to the Anbox WebRTC data proxy service within an Android container, the Android app must be installed and running as a system app. To do so, proceed with the following steps:

> 1. Add the attribute `android:sharedUserId="android.uid.system"` into the `<manifest>` tag in the AndroidManifest.xml file of your Android app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the attribute `android:sharedUserId="android.uid.system"` into the `<manifest>` tag in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file of your Android app
```

> 2. Create an addon to install your APK as a system app through the pre-start hook with the following content:

Reviewer 2: Maybe link to Create an addon tutorial as well: https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/creating-addon/

Reviewer 2: This is not a deal breaker for me, if you feel the given steps are self-sufficient for creating the addon for this case, let's keep it as is.

Author: Let's keep it as is then.

    ```
    #!/bin/bash -ex

    # Only install the APK as a system app when bootstrapping an application.
    if  [ "$INSTANCE_TYPE" = "regular" ]; then
      exit 0
    fi

    aam install-system-app \
      --apk="${ADDON_DIR}"/app.apk \
      --permissions=<comma-separated list of permissions that the application requires> \
      --package-name=<package_name>
      --access-hidden-api
    ```

   See [How to install an APK as a system app](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/howto/port/install-apk-system-app/#howto-install-apk-system-app) for details.

3. Navigate to the addon directory and add it to AMS:
    ```
    amc addon add install-out-of-band-app .
    ```

#### Run end-to-end test

> Launch an instance with streaming enabled and the addon created above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To launch a streamable instance with the addon you created, run:
```

Author: Fixed it.
Thanks

```
amc launch --raw jammy:android12:amd64 \
  --enable-streaming \
  --features allow_custom_system_signatures \
  --addons install-out-of-band-app
```

```{note}

> Enabling the `allow_custom_system_signatures` feature is required to run the Android application as a system app in an Android container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enabling the `allow_custom_system_signatures` feature is required to run the Android application as a system app in an Android container.
```

```

> Once the instance is running, test whether the Android application can connect to the data channel created by the WebRTC client and verify that messages can be successfully sent and received between both ends.

Reviewer 2: As a user, how do I test this? It would be good to add or link to existing information.

Reviewer 2: I agree but still listing a couple of steps to run to successfully test this can be useful for someone trying this out for the first time.

Author: I just reworded that part.
Please take another look.
Thanks

    ex.printStackTrace();
}
```

#### Install the APK as system app

To connect the data channel to the Anbox WebRTC data proxy service within an Android container, the Android app must be installed and running as a system app. To do so, proceed with the following steps:
1. Add the attribute `android:sharedUserId="android.uid.system"` into the `<manifest>` tag in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file of your Android app

> 2. Create an addon to install your APK as a system app through the pre-start hook with the following content:

Reviewer: Why can't we use a raw instance instead? Adding the need for addons IMHO just makes things complicated here.

Author: That's a good idea.

Author: Hmm, no, we can't. Using the raw instance makes it impossible to run a pre-start hook where the APK is going to be installed as a system app. I suppose what you meant above was to use the application hooks, but that makes no difference to me. The example below already uses the raw instance.

    ```
    #!/bin/bash -ex

    # Only install the APK as a system app when bootstrapping an application.
    if  [ "$INSTANCE_TYPE" = "regular" ]; then
      exit 0
    fi

    aam install-system-app \
      --apk="${ADDON_DIR}"/app.apk \
      --permissions=<comma-separated list of permissions that the application requires> \
      --package-name=<package_name>
      --access-hidden-api
    ```

   See [How to install an APK as a system app](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/howto/port/install-apk-system-app/#howto-install-apk-system-app) for details.

> 3. Navigate to the addon directory and add it to AMS:

Reviewer: If people just blindly follow the above (and they will do) they will fail as the `manifest.yaml` is missing, the hook is maybe not executable etc. If we give steps, they should work and include everything needed to succeed

    ```
    amc addon add install-out-of-band-app .
    ```

#### Run end-to-end test

To launch a streamable instance with the addon you created, run:
```
amc launch --raw jammy:android12:amd64 \
  --enable-streaming \
  --features allow_custom_system_signatures \
  --addons install-out-of-band-app
```

```{note}
Enabling the `allow_custom_system_signatures` feature is required to run the Android application as a system app in an Android container.
```

Once the session is active:

1. Use the web client, which creates a custom data channel `foo` to initiate the WebRTC connection.

> 2. After the WebRTC connection is established, verify that the Android application receives a notification indicating the availability of the `foo` data channel.

Reviewer: How do I do this?

> 3. Confirm that the Android application can connect to the `foo` data channel created by the web client.

Reviewer: How do I do that?

> 4. Send messages from either the Android application or the WebRTC client, and ensure that the messages are successfully sent and and received over the `foo` data channel.

Reviewer: How do I do that?
